c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\bin\Debug\Direct Messages.exe.config
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\bin\Debug\Direct Messages.exe
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\bin\Debug\Direct Messages.pdb
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\Direct Messages_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\Direct Messages_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\Direct Messages.g.resources
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\Direct_Messages.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\Direct Messages.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\Direct Messages.exe
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\Direct Messages.pdb
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\duki9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\duki9\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\RegisterWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\duki9\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\RegisterWindow.baml
C:\Users\duki9\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\Direct Messages.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\duki9\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\Direct Response_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\duki9\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Direct Messages\Direct Messages\obj\Debug\Direct Response_MarkupCompile.lref
